Previously on this is us...
My water just broke.
Yep.
First male is out.
You hear that. babe?
We got a boy.
Something's... not right...
Your wife is in distress. Jack.
I found him.
Randall peasing.
I'm your biological son.
Toby.
Kate.
So. you want to be fat friends?
This show is so bad!
Everything's fake!
I quit.
We lost the third baby. Jack.
I'm very sorry.
I like to think that you took
the sourest lemon
that life has to offer
and turned it into something
resembling lemonade.
guys. breakfast!
Let's go!
Mom. Webster told me
to shut up.
Shut up!
- Do not call him that.
Everyone else always does.
I don't care
what everybody else does.
Randall is your little brother;
You have to have his back.
No. sweetheart.
No. no. no.
Your breakfast
is over there. Kate.
Thank you.
Baby. we talked about this.
Morning.
Good morning.
Yuck.
Jack!
It's fine.
Did you get fruit?
Yes.
Hey.
Do you need me to show you
where the coffee is?
Oh. I know where the coffee is.
Okay.
Good.
Just give me...
Okay.
Dad's off.
Deep breaths.
And...
First came...
Me!
And dad said...
Gee!
And then came...
Me!
And mom said...
Whee!
And then came...
Me.
And we said...
That's three.
Big three?
- Big three!
Do you need me to show you
where my mouth is?
No.
I know where it is.
Oh.
Good.
Bye.
Kate.
all the fruit.
please.
* Both dirty. both mean *
* yes. and the dream
was just the same *
* and I dreamed
your dream for you *
* and now your dream is real *
* how can you look at me *
good job.
* As if I was just another one
of your deals? *
* when you can fall for... *
you know. I just did bi's. tri's
and left testicle.
I'm really starting to get
some definition on that guy.
Not funny.
It's fun...
It's not funny.
Come on.
Come on. can we go?
We've been here
long enough.
No...
Kate. Come on. Kate...
Come on.
How are you losing weight
and I'm not?
Can I be honest with you?
Yeah. please.
I think I'm just taking this
more seriously than you are.
Come on. Let's go.
Worst place in the world!
baby?
Yeah.
I want to ask you
something. but...
I'm not sure how to say it.
Since when do we censor
ourselves with each other?
No. I know. it's...
You know. Beth. we've been
together for 17 years.
That's almost
half our lives.
I know your face.
your hands. your soul
better than I know my own.
You don't have
to censor yourself.
Ever. Not with me.
What was your question?
How long is your crack-addict
biological daddy
gonna be sleeping in our
six-year-old daughter's bedroom?
Damn.
I know. right?
You need to censor yourself.
woman.
It's just got real.
But Randall. he's been here
for three days.
And the girls still think
he's your 70-year-old co-worker
who likes sleepovers.
What's our endgame here?
Beth. the man has
stage 4 stomach cancer.
I'm just trying to get him to
his first doctor's appointment.
make sure he's gonna
make it past Thursday.
Then we can take
the rest from there.
Okay?
Yeah.
Okay.
And he's a former
crack addict. by the way.
Oh. well. then
he can stay forever.
See? You didn't even
think about that.
* *
so now Rebecca's all worked up
because the kids at school
are calling him "Webster."
You know. the black kid
the white family
adopts on that show?
I love that show.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I don't know. Miguel.
it's just...
It's hard to see the woman
i married sometimes. you know?
what?
Nothing.
Nothing. You...
I'm your. I'm your best friend.
You're venting.
Best friends let best friends
vent without judgment.
I'm not even gonna say anything
about it being 5:03
and that being
your second bourbon.
I appreciate that.
The thing is...
Your wife is. like.
the gold standard of wives.
I know. Miguel.
I mean. she's smart.
funny. beautiful.
great personality.
greater ass...
Easy.
She's raising not one. not two.
but three eight-year-olds
while you sit here
drinking not one. not two.
but soon to be three bourbons
by 5:05.
I know all this. Miguel.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Because as your
loyal best friend.
it is my duty to remind you
of what you've
got there.
You married way.
way above your station.
I'd be careful not to give her
a reason to notice.
Oh. my father. he wasn't
a very nice man.
He wasn't like your father.
Why not?
Well. your father.
he's good.
He doesn't have vices.
You know what a vice is?
A vice is like a bad habit.
like bitin' your nails.
but worse.
Like drugs?
Yeah. that's right.
That was my vice.
Where would you get drugs?
Well. that's an interesting
question. Tess.
Let's see...
Well. the cocaine
i used to...
That's good.
Okay. kids.
Let's get ready
for school. okay?
Come on.
Hey. so I got
good news.
I got you an appointment
with an immunotherapy
specialist.
Oh. that's not necessary.
No. it was nothing.
Guy at my firm had an in.
This guy is doing some
really ground-breaking stuff.
Thank you; That's very kind.
You got it.
Oh. hey. come on. baby.
I need you to take one big.
deep breath for me. okay?
Oh. that's good.
All right.
My vice is asthma.
His is cocaine.
All right.
so let's get our jackets.
Okay.
Go and get your coat.
Honey. here.
take your lunch. Okay.
Here you go.
Hey. I'm sorry.
I know they're too young
to talk about cocaine.
I just...
I feel like six is a hair young
for cocaine...
Yeah. but seven...
We let them try it at seven.
Um. so...
What are you up to
today. William?
Oh. nothing much.
The usual.
I've really enjoyed being here.
Being around those girls--
it fills me in a way...
In a way I surely
don't deserve. so...
I hope you'll let me know
when I've overstayed my welcome.
You know.
don't be silly.
We're happy to have you.
Uh...
I was wondering
if I could be so forward
as to ask you for a few dollars
for the bus.
Oh. sure. Sure.
Where you going?
Oh. you know.
just around.
* Now because I'm so fly.
they just get to know why *
* got to stick to what
i do best. I'm like "oh. hi" *
* we've been trying to do
soft tens with aloha. aloha... *
Victor. My man.
How you been?
I've been Hector.
Right on. Yeah.
Yeah. and I'm sorry.
I got a lot on my mind.
I don't know if you heard
the news. I left the show.
Yeah. I'm gonna meet
with the team today.
You know. we're gonna
strategize. talk next steps.
Lots to figure out.
lots to talk about.
It's exciting. Exciting times
for everyone involved.
Kevin.
do you remember where
you were when I found you?
Yeah. sure. I was. uh.
in an improv comedy troupe.
That's right.
And when I saw your first show.
do you know what I thought
to myself. Kevin?
No. i-i...
I thought
to myself... I've done it.
I have found
the least funny person
on the entire planet.
Okay.
But I saw
something there.
so I took you on.
And I got you the commercials.
got you the soaps.
eventually got you
a job paying you
almost three million dollars
a year.
making you so famous
that you could wear a ski cap
when it is 80 degrees outside.
and no one would say
a damn thing.
Okay. lanie...
Take off that hat.
Okay.
What's done is done. right?
I mean. you know.
can't we just...
Move on?
Brian... speak.
You're contractually bound to
the show for another two years.
Okay.
All right. and if I refuse?
Listen to me very
carefully. Kevin.
The network owns you.
They can sue you for damages.
They could bankrupt you.
And even if someone
slipped a chill pill
into their collective drink.
you would still be
legally unable to work
for the next two years.
That's for any
studio. any network.
Television or film.
So...
That's the good news.
Now here's the part
you're not gonna like.
She's throwing this big...
Hollywood party
at her house tonight. right?
The network president's
gonna be there. everyone.
I'm supposed to show up.
get down on my hands and knees
and beg to be the Manny again.
Yeah.
They own me. sis.
I don't know what I'm gonna do.
Well. I do. and
you did it already.
Do you need me to show you
the video on YouTube?
No.
Kevin. I've known you
your whole life.
Well. except for those two
minutes at the beginning.
You've succeed at
everything you've ever tried.
So here's what's
gonna happen.
Okay? You're gonna
go to that party.
and you're gonna march up
to that network guy.
and you're gonna
tell him. "Manny out!"
Mm-hmm.
Manny out?
Manny out. Manny out!
Well. you're not supposed
to say the... okay.
Manny out!
That's good.
Let me ask you
a question.
Mm.
What did I ever do those first
two minutes without you?
Oh. you cried. and
you crapped a lot.
Sounds about right. Yeah.
So you're coming to the party.
though. tonight with me. right?
The fancy Hollywood party?
Yeah. Yeah.
No. I'm not.
Yeah.
Kevin. I... okay. f...
I don't even have
anything to wear.
Kate.
I need you there. okay?
It's gonna be fun.
Is it? Is-is...?
It's gonna be a blast.
Yes. it's gonna be
a blast. Manny out.
Kevin. here... here's the...
Manny out.
Or maybe Manny out!
Whatever... whatever works.
But water. scarce though it is.
has also. like the wind.
shaped the land itself.
Nothing can live...
All right. little mamas.
five-minute warning
till teeth brushing.
But...
It's not open
for discussion.
Rain. the source of all...
Hey. William
William!
Hi. everybody.
You're home late.
Everything okay?
Yeah. yes. I'm fine.
Just a long day.
I think I may just go
lay myself down
for the night.
Well... night.
Night.
From the ashes rises
the Phoenix...
Okay. monsters. these teeth
aren't gonna brush themselves.
Oh. God. Hey. girl.
what you been eating?
Ice cream.
You scream?
I'm gonna scream
if I got to carry you
up these stairs.
You're too heavy.
Guess the thing I really need
to say out loud
to everyone is. well...
I'm down three pounds
in one week.
Oh. guys. come on.
Stop. Stop. You don't...
Well. okay. fine. keep going.
I'm-I'm so happy.
I'm...
Well. I had a crap day at work.
so I stopped at Wendy's.
And I was about
to eat in the car.
which is... all you know
is my thing.
The second I left
the drive-through. I threw
ten dollars' worth of Wendy's
out of my moving car.
and I went home.
and I had a salad.
I know I'm ridiculous.
I know
I'm a joke to you guys.
I know I have body
distortion issues
or whatever it's called.
but it's real.
It's brutal.
I wish I could
show you guys
what I see when I look
in the mirror...
Oh. for God's sake.
Madison. you weigh 105 pounds.
If you feel like a fat girl
when you look in the mirror.
why don't you
step a damn scale?
And when the scale reads
"one. zero. five."
you know that you're not fat.
And Laurie.
that Wendy's story. okay.
I'm sorry. but
you're just a litterer.
You're just a littering
damn litterer.
Uh...
Well. that feels like
a good place for a break.
You hulked out
on a bunch of fatties.
You're not going to
make me laugh. Toby.
What's up. kid?
My brother is making me go to
this nightmare Hollywood party
at his agent's house tonight.
Yeah. I went to buy a dress.
and nothing fit.
literally nothing.
Everything looks terrible.
I'm not losing weight.
I'm starving.
I don't know.
That's what's up. I guess.
Okay.
Hey. your brother's agent is
lanie Shultz. right?
Yeah.
Kate. lanie Shultz
is one of the most
powerful agents
in what I like to call...
Show business.
I heard
that deadpool was her idea.
Or maybe it was Hamilton.
I get those two confused.
Anyway.
Kate. you are so taking me
to that party.
Uh-uh.
Mm-hmm.
No. I don't want you
to see me there.
Like. I am at my worst
at those things.
Kate. you are
at your worst
when you are eviscerating
the anorexic lady.
and I am still
standing here.
Look.
we have had three lunches
and four dinner dates.
We have made out seven times
and heavy-petted twice.
Our plane is rapidly approaching
the boyfriend-girlfriend zone.
and. I. for one.
am preparing myself for landing.
But I need to know
that everything
isn't gonna always be
about our weight.
All right? We need to be
able to cut loose at parties.
We need to get really dressed
up. we need to have sex.
I just slipped that in there
very casually
because I think that's something
that we should start doing
very soon.
So. Kate. I am asking you.
please. for the love of God.
can we spend one fat-free night
at the house of the lady
who came up with the idea
for deadpool and/or Hamilton?
Is that a...
Is that a smile?
Is that...?
Yes. that's a yes and a smile.
All right. hey. guys.
Bruce banner's back.
Everything's fine.
The hulk is gone.
Let the healing continue.
Sorry about that.
Are you comfy?
Okay. sweetness.
Good night.
I love you so much.
I love you. too.
Mom?
Yeah. babe?
I only ate fruit today.
You know I just want you
to be healthy. right?
And I want you to be happy.
Are you happy?
For the most part.
Well. then. I'm happy. too.
Tell you what. How about
you and I find a healthy balance
together?
How does that sound?
All right.
- Shut up!
- You shut up. Webster.
- Stop calling me names!
Goodnight.
Boys?
Uh-uh.
Hey! Hey. hey. hey. hey!
No. no. no. no. no. no. no. no.
No. stop.
To your beds right now.
Now.
Okay. who am I yelling at first?
Kev. bud. what is the deal?
Why are you always
so hard on him?
Everybody thinks it's
weird that we're brothers.
You know it doesn't matter
what people think.
He is your little brother.
Kevin.
You have to be there
for one another.
Do you hear me?
Yes.
I love you.
Can you force him be nice?
I'll see what I can do.
Hey.
Promise me you'll
always be good.
I'll see what I can do.
I love you.
Now get some sleep. please.
No more fighting.
Don't make me come back in here.
Good night. I love you.
Hi. baby.
Did I miss putting them down?
Just by an hour.
Well. I was...
I was-- oh. shopping.
I was shopping.
I know...
I know we haven't been
on the same page lately.
That we just got to
get back on track. baby.
So...
Consider this a...
Way-too-expensive
peace offering.
I think we've been
more than off track.
Hey. how do you think
we're doing so far?
At parenting?
I...
'Cause I think we're at a six.
On a sliding scale.
one through ten.
I think we're at a six
and I think I'm being generous.
Bec...
Seven. fine.
but only because
there are three of them.
Baby. I...
And the thing is.
I'm trying really hard
to get us to a nine.
Because they are cute kids.
and they deserve nine-parents.
And. the thing is.
i feel like I'm there. Jack.
I feel like
I'm operating at a nine.
Because I do
individualized lunches
and I do individualized tuck-ins
for each kid
so nobody feels gypped.
And...
When you're home.
and you're you.
you're way better than I am.
You're a ten when
you're you. Jack.
But you're getting home
later and later
and when you do come home.
you're...
Bec. what are you saying?
The drinking has to stop.
You have to reign it in. baby.
because I won't have it
in my house.
You won't have it
in your house.
I won't.
So if it's a problem. fix it.
Be a man. and fix it.
Because I'm done letting you
lower our score.
Damn.
Yeah?
- Yeah.
Hell to the yeah.
Thanks.
You look dapper.
Ah. show business.
Oh. great. you're. uh--
we got to go. you know?
'Cause we're gonna be late.
Okay.
You're wearing that?
Yeah.
That's great.
You look awesome.
Oh. is the hat too much?
The hat is everything.
Yeah. that's a real
peacock feather.
Come on. show business!
* Stuck to the wall *
* you think you really know
where we wanna go *
hey. go. okay? And I'm
right here if you need me.
Okay?
Manny out.
- Go get 'em.
You and I are crushing
that dance floor.
Let's go.
Come on. let's go.
* Groovin' *
* my record's spinning
with the dj *
* he lets my song play *
* from night until day *
Oh. no!
Come on!
Come on.
Kate.
All right. come on. come on.
we're getting you drunk.
Come on. yup.
Time to get drunk.
Let's just go.
Jack.
it's Miguel.
It's late. so I'm leaving you
a message at the office
in case I miss you
in the morning.
Feel like I overstepped before.
Um. you know I love you.
you know I love you guys.
Hell...
I'm jealous of your
relationship. if anything.
Uh. I shouldn't have
said anything at the bar.
Now I'm just overdoing it.
Uh...
Okay. Bye.
Hey.
You need to get
some sleep. it's late.
You've been up since.
like. 4:00 this morning.
No. I know.
Just five more minutes.
Hey.
Shower.
Sleep.
Now.
You shower quick. you can work
off that last five minutes
a different way.
I am so happy that
we could all get together.
You know. work through. and...
And...
Kevin just feels awful...
I'm so sorry. this is whole
thing. lanie. is ridiculous.
I mean...
Mr. Manning.
I'm truly grateful
for everything
that your network
has done for me. I am.
But please let me
go with God. sir.
The way I handled myself.
I mean. that was wrong. I'll be
the first one to admit that.
That-that was wrong.
But can't we all. at this point.
just. sort of. you know...
Sort of move on. right?
You're a good kid. Kevin.
I appreciate your honesty.
Thank you.
The show. it's a
solid performer.
but it's not the
biggest thing on my network.
Without lanie telling me.
would I have known you
from one of these waiters
passing around
the chicken skewers?
Probably not.
Really?
I really don't care what
happens behind the scenes
on my third-rated sitcom.
You know what I do care about?
Mm-mm.
St. maarten. Kevin.
I'm building a home
in St. maarten
and in two years
I'm going to retire.
and my favorite wife and i
are going to move there.
Until then.
I plan on just drifting
through these two years
as painlessly and drama-free
as possible.
Like I'm on morphine. Kevin.
that's how I'll be drifting
through those years.
Okay.
That's... great. you know?
Go with God.
You know. the thing is--
excuse me darling.
Recasting the lead
on a hit sitcom.
isn't exactly drifting on
morphine. now is it. Kevin?
So unfortunately. my boy.
you're not gonna be
leaving the show.
If you do. I'll be forced to
Nagasaki your life and career.
Hey. have you ever heard of
the actor. uh. Taylor Jennings?
I'm not familiar with the name.
I Nagasaki'd him.
So take the money. kid.
Ride out the next
couple years. all right?
Otherwise. I'll make you
a bigger laughingstock
than you already are.
Deal?
I'm sorry. I'm j--
I'm gonna go. uh...
My sister's here.
I'm gonna go check on her.
It's his twin sister.
Big girl.
* Yeah. we're all about
a good time *
* yeah. we're all about
a good life *
You love drunk Kate.
I love drunk Kate.
Wait. what?
Woo!
Hey.
Hey!
How'd it go?
I'm wasted.
Not good.
Good?
Oh. my God. that's great.
No. no. no. no. not good.
It did not-- I don't know
what I'm gonna do.
Uh-oh!
Gone fishing.
You caught a whopper!
Uh-oh.
Come reel me in.
got to reel me in.
It's my first time fishing.
Won't be his last.
Well...
* Yeah. we're all about
a good time *
* yeah. we're all about
a good life. *
kev!
Which little monster's
standing at my door?
It's okay. I'm way too old
to be scared of monsters.
I think it's time
you and I had a talk.
I can't wait until the next day
of school starts.
Hey. everyone. it's Webster!
Kev.
come on. Kevin.
ditch Webster.
Let's go.
Come on.
Hey.
Hey. uh... is it too late
out there?
I know you're usually up late.
right?
No. I was just. uh...
Catching up on some paperwork.
Sweet. uh...
Hey. listen. i-i know
I've owed you a phone call
since everything went down.
it's been crazy out here.
just... you know.
No. it's all good.
Kate's kept me up to speed.
Good.
They said they're not gonna
let me out of the show. man.
And I...
I don't know what I'm gonna do.
like...
They locked me in
for two more years. maybe more.
Damn.
Well. what are you gonna do?
I was kind of hoping
you'd tell me.
Oh. because you care
what I think?
Because I care
what everyone thinks. man.
You know that.
I was not a very good
brother to you. was I?
No. you weren't.
But you've still got time.
Hey!
Yeah. uh...
Anyway. look. it's getting
late. man. I. you know...
I probably should go.
It's. uh...
Kate's here. it's Randall.
Oh. hey. Randall!
Hey.
Anyway. yeah.
i-i should probably. uh...
I got to go back inside
and sell my soul to the network.
like the whore that I am.
Hey. kev.
Deep breath. okay?
Come on. man.
First came...
Me.
And dad said...
"Gee."
And then came...
Me!
And mom said...
"Whee!"
And then came...
Me.
And they said...
"That's three."
Big three!
- Big three!
Yeah.
You good?
Uh... yeah.
Yeah. I'm good. I'm good.
Kevin?
Yeah?
Mom and dad didn't raise
no whores.
Except briefly.
during Kate's eyeliner phase.
Yeah.
Night. little brother.
Night. big brother.
Hon?
There you go.
Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
Can I cut to the chase?
It's your meeting.
Eight years ago. I was. um.
pregnant for the first time.
And Randall was vying
for partner at his firm.
We'd just bought this house
on faith.
even though it needed
a lot of work.
even though we couldn't
afford it whatsoever.
Then Randall made partner.
He did all the work
on the house himself.
so we didn't have
to spend a penny.
And he made sure
i didn't lift a finger
during my pregnancy.
He's a good man.
No. he's not good.
He's perfect.
Problem is. he stopped sleeping.
And then one morning.
i was in the bathroom.
and he called out to me.
And he was confused. you know?
He was confused because he...
Couldn't see anything.
My husband--
my Mountain of a man--
could literally no longer
see things through his eyes.
It was as if 28 years
of being that perfect
had all caught up to him
that morning.
And he. um...
He pulled himself out of it.
He self-corrected.
'cause that's what my man does.
Randall is not free of vice.
William.
His vice is his goodness.
It's his compulsive drive
to be perfect.
It's why I love him...
But it's also why I have to
protect him sometimes. you know?
So now. I'm gonna have to
ask you a couple questions.
questions he would probably be
too polite to ask himself.
Ask away.
The money you borrow.
You use it for the bus?
Yes.
Where do you go?
You're gone all day. every day.
My place in Philadelphia.
it's a long ride.
Why?
Are you using drugs?
Are you getting drugs?
Mm-mm. No.
Are you really sick?
Yes. I am.
Beth. I said it before.
and I really meant it:
If I'm overstaying my welcome.
I wish you would just say it.
William. you are overstaying...
Beth.
What are you doing?
Somebody has to ask
the questions here. baby...
It's a cat.
I have a cat.
It's all I really have.
His name's Clooney.
One of those ironic names.
'cause he's a pretty ugly cat.
I go back and forth to feed him.
Three hours on the bus each day.
Why wouldn't you just
tell us you had a cat?
Nah.
The little one has asthma
and I knew if
i brought up the cat.
you'd tell me to bring it.
that would cause problems.
And I don't want
to cause any problems.
'cause if I cause problems.
I'd have to leave.
And...
And I don't want to leave.
Six months ago. some doctor
told me I had three to live.
But for some reason.
i don't feel so bad lately.
Maybe to do with this house.
I don't know.
Truth is. I'd never thought
I'd have anything
to care about again
besides an ugly cat. so...
Well. now I feel like a bitch.
It's not funny.
It's not.
I'm about two hours away
from throwing up violently.
Mm.
Are you gonna hold my hair
for me. Toby?
No. I-I'm still gonna be
at this party.
trying to bang
a gilmore girl.
Well. go for both.
Gil-more the gil-merrier.
It's always gonna be
about the weight for me. Toby.
It's been my story ever since
i was a little girl.
And every moment that
I'm not thinking about it.
I'm thinking about it.
Like...
Will this chair hold me?
Will this dress fit me?
And if I ever get pregnant.
would...
Will anyone ever notice?
It's just at the core of
who I am. it's just deep inside.
and eight Tequila shots can only
mask that for a couple hours.
So...
I know.
And it was ten Tequila shots.
but I... I get it.
I know.
And just for the record.
um. this dress is fitting you
in all the right places.
This old thing?
Uh-huh.
I mean. i-i just threw it on.
Oh. you just threw it on?
Mm-hmm.
I didn't even
think about it.
There he is.
I told 'em to go
screw themselves.
And what'd they say?
A lot of mean. scary things.
I'm gonna do theater.
You know?
I'm moving
to New York.
Show business.
What are you doing out here?
I don't like sleeping
far away from you.
No more drinking.
You can't just stop...
I can.
For you. I can.
I will.
You know. when I was
a little boy.
I didn't know what I wanted
to be when I grew up.
Adults always ask
little kids that.
You know?
I never had a good answer.
Not until... not until I was 28.
Till the day that I met you.
That's when I knew exactly what
i wanted to be when I grew up:
I wanted to be the man
that made you happy.
You make me happy.
Not always.
Not lately.
From here on out. I'm gonna be
an 11 for you. baby.
No...
Screw that.
I'm gonna be a 12 for you.
from here out.
I'll be an 11
for the kids.
but you get a 12.
Do you forgive me?
You slept outside our bedroom
door like a labrador.
Of course I forgive you.
Can I still give you my gift?
If you insist.
* Come down off your throne *
do you like it?
* And leave your body alone *
I got a moon because of...
Our song.
Yeah.
* Somebody must change *
I'm never gonna take it off.
* You are reason
I've been waiting so long *
* somebody holds the key *
do you like it?
Does it look good?
* But I'm near the end *
it's beautiful.
Thank you.
* I just ain't got the time *
mm.
* And I'm wasted *
* and I can't find my way home *
how much time we have
till the kids get up?
I don't care about the kids.
Pile drive!
* Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh *
* ooh ooh ooh *
* ooh ooh-ooh ooh *
* come down on your own *
* and leave your body alone *
* somebody must change *
Daddy. stop! Daddy. stop!
If you want to sleep in.
you have to pay the tickle tax!
Tickle tax.
Oh. All right. come on. honey.
It's time to take care of...
Here you go.
* But I'm near the end *
Good.
Big breath.
You expecting somebody?
* And I'm wasted *
no.
* And I can't find my way home *
Grandma and grandpa are here!
I'll be in my room.
* Ooh ooh ooh ooh *
* but I can't find my way home *
hey. mom.
Hey. Miguel.
* But I can't find
my way home. *
hey.
and Toyota.